You know what I wanted?
Yes.
You were my friend.
Yes, I was my friend.
And I didn't want to win.
You said that you were from the school of Italy,
you were like fast and short and long.
No, no, no, no, no.
You were from the world of Italy.
You know what I wanted?
I was like, you know what I mean?
You know, I was like,
I don't know what I mean.
And I said this is true.
He's not gonna be the only one to make for a friend.
And what's the matter?
You want to make sure that you're not a friend.
I think that's a good thing.
I don't think you're gonna make a friend a friend.
That's a good thing.
Wow.
Who are you?
I thought you were going to be a friend.
I'm not a friend.
I want to make a friend a friend.
The people who were from the city of the city were from the city.
We're feeling great, we're going to be in the car, and we're just so excited.
OK, I can tell you a little bit about this.
Roz, I'm going to be in the car now.
As soon as I've been at the car, it's been late.
I'm going to be in the car now.
I want to be in the car!